# Minutes
## Author:
Nicholas Rostant (ndr2)

## AberCompSoc

## General Meeting 4

## 2016-03-18

## Links
- https://github.com/abercompsoc
- https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/abercompsoc
- https://www.facebook.com/groups/1583682251884620/

## Present:
- Lizzie Stone (eas12)
- William Hogg (wih6)
- Helen Harman (heh14)
- Nick Rostant (ndr2)
- Sam Claxton (sac40)
- Tom Morrison (thm17)
- Paul Swain (pas28)
- Nathan Hughes (nah26)
- Nicholas Dimonaco (nid16)

## Apologies:

## Item 1: Actions reviewed
Actions reviewed and updated

## Item 2: Date of elections
Elections to be held _15th of April, 2016_ in Brynamlwg

## AOB:

# Actions:
## List of all actions:

1. Tom: Update roles spec, add open actions into issues for Secretary 
2. James Bridgewater: All open actions to be raised as issues on Github
3. Louis: Create template for agenda and minutes 
4. Tom : Speak to Michael about logo design 
5. Tom : Get BCS position on advertising 
6. Louis: Send email on list for people to put themselves forwards for positions
7. Tom: Discuss whether BCS is sub set of Comp soc 
8. All: Work out rough time frame for events
9. Louis: Rope together some open source people for an event, within a couple of months 
10. Dan Nathan : To organise Hackathon 
11. James Bridgewater : Look up Rasberry Jam times, post on mailing list - 
12. Dan and Louis: Finish document for dap specifying specifics of servers, needs to be finished and given to dap, Tom will need document if BCS money required 
13. Louis: Talk to HP regarding servers
14. Tom: Get official stance on welsh translation of emails, IS mailing list, we may need to use student union 
15. Louis: Stick stance in correct position in documentation of soc
16. Dan: Speak to Tom Cartwright to see if he can be a translator 
17. Nick R: Keep mailing list up to date
18. Tom: Email election date out
19. Tom: Email Nick D about booking room for elections
20. Tom/Nick D: Organise some debates between members of staff
21. Nick R: Speak to Jack Jones about debates 

## Actions split by member:

### All:
8. Work out rough time frame for events

### James Bridgewater:
2. All open actions to be raised as issues on Github
11. Look up Rasberry Jam times, post on mailing list..

### Dan:
16. Speak to Tom Cartwright to see if he can be a translator

### Dan and Nathan:
10. Organise Hackathon

### Dan and Louis:
12. Finish document for dap specifying specifics of servers, needs to be finished and given to dap, Tom will need document if BCS money required

### Louis:

3. Create template for agenda and minutes
9. Rope together some open source people for an event, within a couple of months
13. Talk to HP regarding servers
15. Stick stance in correct position in documentation of soc
JOINT ACTION with Daniel, listed below appropriate heading

### Tom:

1. Update roles spec, add open actions into issues for Secretary 
4. Speak to Michael about logo design
5. Get BCS position on advertising
7. Discuss whether BCS is sub set of Comp soc
14. Get official stance on welsh translation of emails, IS mailing list, we may need to use student union translation
18. Tom: Email election date out
19. Tom: Email Nick D about booking room for elections
20. Organise some debates between members of staff

### Nick Dimonaco and Tom:
20. Organise some debates between members of staff

### Nick Rostant:
17. Keep mailing list up to date
21. Speak to Jack Jones about debates 

