# Minutes
## Author:
Nicholas Rostant (ndr2)
## Aberystwyth Computer Science Society

## Committee Meeting 2

## 2017-11-06


#### Present:

- Samantha Pendleton (sap12) - President
- Claudio Coppola (clc20) - Vice President
- Nicholas Rostant (ndr2) - Secretary
- Jack Webb (jaw84) - Treasurer
- Alex Thumwood (alt38) - Social Secretary
- Klaudia Olejnik (klo2) - Social Secretary
- Stephen Johnstone (stj25) - Welfare Officer

### Apologies:

- None

#### Item 1 - Follow up on actions from general meeting:

- Beechings sponsorship
  - No response yet
  - Social Secretaries to approach other pubs (Rummers, Bar 46, Fountain suggested)
- Union notified of election
- Unable to organise event in time for Hacktoberfest

#### Item 2 - Christmas Meal:

- Potential use of Beechings if sponsorship comes through
- Do not want to pre-order food
- Harry's, Brynamlwg suggested
- Social Secretaries to investigate further

#### Item 3 - FOSDEM Update: 

- BCS need a short document explaining what we're planning this year
- Writeup for department never happened last year, needs to happen this year

#### Item 4 - Joint Show and Tell with BCS Mid Wales:
- Approached by BCS Mid Wales to do a joint show and tell monthly
- Smaller than usual ones and more targeted to students
- Email for interest to be sent out when BCS Mid Wales give event details

#### Item 5 - Socials:

- Concern over Beechings as start point
- Moving start point back to the Cambrian
- Disscussion over social day and difficulty of changing, day will remain Friday
- Social Secretaries to attempt make it to more socials

#### Item 6 - Hoodies Update:

- Still waiting on Union
- Emails regarding should be put in the Hoodies folder

#### Item 7 - GitHub Use:

- Nick to introduce Stephen to GitHub use
- Get back on track with keeping issues to make clear what priorities are

#### AOB:

- Suggested trip to Robot Expedition at the Science Museum in Manchester next year

### Actions:

- Continue search for sponsorship (Alex, Klaudia)
- Investigate options for Christmas Meal (Alex, Klaudia)
- Short FOSDEM writeup for BCS (Nick)
- Ensure writup after FOSDEM is written for department (Nick)
- Liase with BCS Mid Wales to organise show and tell (Nick, Sam)
- Follow up on hoodies (Sam)
- Run Stephen through the use of GitHub (Nick)
- Move actions into GitHub Issue tracking (Nick)
