#Minutes

##Aberystwyth Computer Science Society

##Committee Meeting 1

##05/11/15


####Present:

- Helen Harman(heh14) - President
- Tom Morrison(thm17) - Treasurer
- Nicholas Dimonaco(nid16) - Secretary
- James Baker(jab67)
- Nicholas Rostant(ndr2)
- Joshua Mir(jom47)
- Daniel Clark(dac46)
- Louis Taylor(lot15)



###Apologies:

- William Hogg(wih6)
- James Bridgewater(jab42)

####Item 1 - Review of minutes of last meeting:
Minutes accepted as correct.

####Item 2 - Report on actions carried out:
Daniel Clark(dac46) - GitHub Organisation has been created along with a meetings repository.
Nicholas Rostant(ndr2) - New mailing lists set up for future communication.

####Item 3 - Motion on the necessitiy of a Social Secretary:
Members indicated that the role of Social Secretary was not in line with the goals of the society and a vote was held. 
It was decided by unanimous decision that the society is not in need of a Social Secretary.

####Item 4 - Preliminary Discussion on Committee roles:
Motion raised on the need for official secretarial role.
Motion Passed with all present For and none Against.

Clarification of committee roles requested.
- Liason / Outreach Officer (BCS) -> Communications with third parties, Including potential sponsors, excluding parties associated with other members.
- Communications officer / Publicity Officer (BCS) -> Social media (facebook, twitter), distributing minutes, mailing list, and other internal communications, and publicity.

####Item 5 - Events:
List of proposed society events discussed

- Visit to Goggerdan (proposed Friday the 13th November 1:30) -> Colin
- Clive's talk. (6-8pm 12th November, Provisional) 
- Bletchley (Easter)
- Talk from Bletchly
- FOSDEM (Early 29th January - 1st Feb (Leave 31st), Brussels)
- Talk from Teach First (Helen as current contact)
- Rob Clarke from HP (Louis as current contact)(Late this year)
- Internal AberHackathon 

####Item 6 - Projects:

#####Internal
- Building of a society cloud server using donated hardware.

#####External
- AberLab (Contact point Daniel Clark(dac46))
- AberSailbot (Contact point Daniel Clark(dac46))
- Sam Nicholls' Competitions (Contact point Sam Nicholls(msn))
- Amateur Radio (Contact point Dave Price(dap))

####AOB:

Concerns over society's name, proposals to be collected and discussed at next meeting.

###Actions:

* Committee - Fix Student Union Access Issues
* Committee - Speak to Dave Price(dap) to discuss a possible link to the radio club
* Committee - Speak to Daniel Clark(dac46), Louis Taylor(lot15) and Colin Sauze(cos) to discuss a possible link to AberSailbot - Organise a meeting
* Committee - Speak to Daniel Clark(dac46) and Colin Sauze(cos) to discuss a possible link to AberLab, the Aberystywth Hackerspace
* Committee - Speak to Richard Shipman(rcs) to discuss the potential trip to FOSDEM
* Committee - Speak to Sam Nichols(msn) to discuss the UKIEPC and any other future programming challenges he is planning to be involved in
* Committee - Speak to the National Library of Wales to discuss potential Hackathons
* Committee - Organise a stand for the Re-Freshers fair

* All Members - Society name suggestions sent to ndr2@aber.ac.uk

* ndr2 - Publicise the second official meeting on Friday November 27th at 6:15
* ndr2 - Publicise 13th and 12th, including Facebook Events
* ndr2 - Doodle Poll on available times for Committee meetings

* nid16 - Book rooms for the 12th
* nid16 - Talk to Colin about Goggerdan
* nid16 - Book Room for 27th

* lot15 - Investigate trip to FOSDEM
* lot15 - Logo Design

* dac46 - Contact Amanda about Aberystwyth Career Fair

* lot15 and dac46 - Investigate cloud server, talk with Dave Price

* thm17 - Arrange tab for the 12th
* thm17 - Investigate talk from Bletchley Park
