# Minutes
## Author:
Aaron (aaw13)

## AberCompSoc

## General Meeting 1

## 2019-10-19

## Links
- https://github.com/abercompsoc
- https://www.facebook.com/groups/1583682251884620/

## Present: 
- Aaron Walker (aaw13)
- Josh Smith (jos67)
- Alex Thumwood (alt38)
- Robert Jolly (raj24)
- Rob Barry (rob65)
- William Westall (wiw9)

## Apologies:
-

## Completed: 
- Fosdem payments have been done
- AberCompSoc Equipment has been retrieved from Neil Taylor
- AberCompSoc will continue as both a BCS student Chapter, and as an AberSU Society


## Future Activities Discussion
- Everyone wanting to do Fosdem again this year
- Need a way of getting ideas for events
  - Possibly via facebook (but not Everyone uses it)
  - aaw13 to explore

## Christmas meal & hoodies
- In favour of doing hoodies
- More members needed in order to do Christmas meal

## Election Results

### Treasurer
Alex Thumwood (alt38)

### Secretary
Robert Jolly (raj24)

### Social Secretaries
No Nominations

## AOB: 
- Potentially leave the SU
  - Feelings around SU providing too much of a hurdle for little outcome
  - Bring up at next Meeting for voting

- Modes of communication
  - SU mailing list being used
  - Slack is not really used
  - Not everyone used Facebook
  - E-mail should be used to announce events, as well as Facebook
    
## Actions split by member:

### Aaron (aaw13): 
1. Contact Hoodie Supplier about new hoodies
2. Explore alternate systems for
  - Mailing lists
  - Events
  - Voting for ideas/suggestions
3. Add Alex and Rob to SU systems


###Â Rob (raj24)
1. Sign the SU treasurer document


