#Minutes
##Author:
Nicholas Rostant (ndr2)

## AberCompSoc 
## General Meeting

## 2017-10-13

## Links
- https://github.com/abercompsoc/
- https://abercompsoc.slack.com/
- https://www.facebook.com/groups/1583682251884620/

## Present:
- Samantha Pendleton (sap21)
- Joshua Mir (jom47)
- Nathan Hughes (nah26)
- Ariel Ladegaard (arl13)
- Alex Thumwood (alt38)
- Keiran Stone (kis12)
- Claudio Coppola (clc20)
- Aidan Hogden (aih16)
- Jack Webb (jaw84)
- Nicholas Rostant (ndr2)
- Stephen Johnstone (stj25)

## Apologies:
- Klaudia Olejnik (klo2)

## Item 1 - Review minutes of last meeting

- Nothing to review

## Item 2 - Report on actions carried out by each member

- Nothing to report

### Completed:

- Nothing to report

### Carried Forward:
- Nothing to report

## Item 1 - Election of Welfare Officer 
Union has required a mandatory position of Welfare Officer to look after member wellbeing.
- Stephen Johnstone
    - Only candidate nominated was Stephen Johnstone, seconded by Stephen Coiner
    - Presented manifesto to those present
    - Elected with majority

## Item 2 - Homecoming
- Observed that there were difficulties getting many signups
- Only one graduate to date indicated interest in participating
- Voted to not pursue Homecoming events

## Item 3 - Sponsorship
- Beechings approached, no response yet, social secs to follow up.
- Potential sponsors discussed include The Castle, Fountain and Rummers.
- Harry's seemed a little out of place on the social to some.
- Noted that the union can sponsor societies if they make use of facilities.

## Item 4 - FOSDEM
- Nick, Jack and Claudio to organise.
- Positive experience at Condo Gardens last year could be an option for accommodation.
- The union needs to be informed early
- Target to finalise plans by December
- Noted that the minibuses cannot be taken out of the country
- Possible transport options: flights, trains, coaches or personal vehicles.
- Mentioned that some members may want to travel separately
- Google Form to be sent around to gauge interest from members and assist in planning.
- Discussion to be held in #fosdem channel on Slack. 

## AOB:

- Christmas Meal
  - Interest shown in holding at Beechings
  - Would be a requirement of sponsorship to have a meal there
- Events
  - Open call for event ideas
  - Suggestions:
    - Lecturer Debates
    - Charity Quiz night
  - Use the events to raise for charity
- Hoodies
  - Forms closed 
  - Still waiting on Union to access accounts
  - Will be available for pickup from Compsci reception
  - BCS may be sponsoring some of the cost
- Hacktoberfest
  - Nick has indicated interest in running a hacktoberfest event
  - Introduce people to open source and earn a free t-shirt
    

# Actions:
## List of all actions:

1. Inform Union of election result (sap21)
2. Follow up on Beechings sponsorship (klo2, alt38)
3. Investigate more potential sponsors (klo2, alt38)
4. Preliminary organisation of FOSDEM trip (ndr2, jaw84, clc20)
5. Gauge interest in trip (ndr2, jaw84, clc20)
6. Investigate Christmas meal (klo2, alt38)
7. Follow up on hoodies when finances sorted (jaw84) 
8. Gauge interest in Hactoberfest event (ndr2)

## Actions split by member:

### All:

### Sam (sap21):
- Inform Union of election result 

### Klaudia (klo2)
- Follow up on Beechings sponsorship
- Investigate more potential sponsors
- Investigate Christmas meal

### Alex (alt38)
- Follow up on Beechings sponsorship
- Investigate more potential sponsors
- Investigate Christmas meal

### Jack (jaw84) 
- Preliminary organisation of FOSDEM trip
- Gauge interest in trip
- Follow up on hoodies when finances sorted

### Claudio (clc20) 
- Preliminary organisation of FOSDEM trip
- Gauge interest in trip

### Nick (ndr2) 
- Preliminary organisation of FOSDEM trip
- Gauge interest in trip
- Gauge interest in Hacktoberfest event

