# Minutes
## Author:
Samantha Pendleton (sap21)
Nicholas Rostant (ndr2)

## AberCompSoc

## Incoming Comittee Meeting 1

## 2017-05-12

## Links
- https://github.com/abercompsoc
- https://abercompsoc.slack.com/
- https://www.facebook.com/groups/1583682251884620/

## Present: 
- Samantha Pendleton (sap21)
- Claudio Coppola (clc20) 
- Jack Webb (jaw84)
- Klaudia Olejnik (klo2)
- Alex Thumwood (alt38)

## Apologies:
- Nicholas Rostant (ndr2)

## Item 1 - Hoodies
- Aim to have them ready for October/November time
- Similar design to department hoodies but:
    * Thin & zipped
    * Black & white
    * Use of our logo
- Claudio (clc20) to investigate designs over summer

## Item 2 - Freshers Week
- Suggestion for some sort of competition to encourage signups (e.g. Guess smarties in a jar and win a hoodie)
- Promotional items such as stickers, pens, keychains a potential option.
- Suggested that we offer sweets at the stand.
- Samantha (sap21) to contact the BCS over promotional materials closer to the time.
- Introduction in lectures at the beginning of term:
    * Give a small talk about ourselves and what we offer, trips, socials, etc.
    * Consider promotional materials.
    * Samantha (sap21) to email lecturers over timeslots and prepare a small presentation.

## Item 3 - Socials
- Suggested route similar to current: Harry's(optional)->Beechings->Mill->Rummers->Castle
- Suggested that Cambrian and Fountain be removed from the regular social route.
- Social responsibility to cover 8pm-11pm.
- Monthly "Research Night" where the route is slightly altered to test new places.
- Klaudia (klo2) and Alex (alt38) to come up with social ideas ready for next year.

## AOB:
### Sponsorships
- Jack (jaw84) and Samantha (sap21) to contact the owner of The Castle over sponsorship.

# Actions:
## List of all actions:

1. Jack (jaw84) and Samantha (sap21) - contact the owner of The Castle over sponsorship.
2. Klaudia (klo2) and Alex (alt38) - come up with social ideas ready for next year.
3. Samantha (sap21) - email lecturers over timeslots and prepare a small presentation for the beginning of next year.
4. Samantha (sap21) - contact the BCS over promotional materials closer to freshers.
5. Claudio (clc20) - investigate hoodie designs.

## Actions split by member:

### All:
- None
### Samantha Pendleton (sap21):
1. Contact the owner of The Castle over sponsorship.
3. Email lecturers over timeslots and prepare a small presentation for the beginning of next year.
4. Contact the BCS over promotional materials closer to freshers.


### Jack Webb (jaw84):
1. Contact the owner of The Castle over sponsorship.

### Klaudia Olejnik (klo2):
2. Come up with social ideas ready for next year.

### Alex Thumwood (alt38):
2. Come up with social ideas ready for next year.

### Claudio Coppola (clc20):
5. Investigate hoodie designs

