Aberystwyth Computer Science Society
====================================

General Meeting 1 - 29-10-2015

Present:
--------

- James Baker(jab67)
- Nicholas Rostant(ndr2)
- Daniel Clark(dac46)
- William Hogg(wih6)
- Tom Morrison(thm17) - Treasurer
- James Bridgewater(jab42)
- Paul Swain(pas28)
- Joshua Mir(jom47)
- Douglas Gardner(dog2)
- Rob Bolton(rab26)
- Theo Nikopoulos(thn2)
- Nicholas Dimonaco(nid16) - Secretary
- Aga Jozwik(ogj13)


Apologies:
----------

- Helen Harman(heh14) - President
- Nathan Hughes(nah26)


Item 1 - Introduction to what this society is:
----------------------------------------------

Comp-Sci Soc and the BCS Mid-Wales Student Chapter are exactly the same thing


Item 2 - Election of Committee members:
---------------------------------------

Committee before election:

- President - heh14
- Treasurer - thm17
- Secretary - nid16

Newly elected comittee members:

- Vice Chairman - jab67
- Vice Secretary - jab42
- Social Secretary - wih6
- Communications Officer - ndr2
- Liaison Officer - dac46
- Mascot - jom47

Note: these apparently need to go through a re-election.

Item 3 - The Society Constitution:
----------------------------------

- What is it?
- Can we change it?
- Upload it to Github and then publicise on Facebook and the Email list that it exists and where to find it
- The Communications Officer must have an amateur radio licence, and it is recommended communications be broadcast from a beacon in Moscow.

Item 4 - Socials:
-----------------

A social may happen, which could coincide/merge with the standard Comp-Sci Socials staring 8pm Fridays in the Cambrian?  We need to discuss social secretary's roll and how that should effect the social and the standard Comp-Sci social.  The current view is that this Society should have no impact on the current Comp-Sci social except possibly increasing its numbers.
Discussion postponed until the next meeting

Item 5 - What do we want the Society to do/be?
----------------------------------------------

Be a "Group people who like Comp-Sci" who "Do Comp-Sci stuff"

Item 6 - Events:
----------------

- Trip to Bletchley Park to be organised as soon as a priority
- Trip to FOSDEM, (Free and Open Source Developers European Meeting) at the end of January, an annual 2 day conference in Belgium on Open Source software.
- Visits to various Raspberry Jams around the country. Meetings of Raspberry Pi enthusiasts to show off and discuss about what they've done with the Raspberry Pi
- Make/Attend Hackathons. The National Library of Wales hold Hackathons semi-regularly
- Programming Challenges like the recent UKIEPC national programming challenge in which the department took part

Possibility to list all meetings via an account on meetups.com

Item 7 - Funding
----------------

Our best way to get funding is through the BCS, as we are the BCS Mid-Wales Student Chapter. To get the most out of this we would likely need to do community involvement things, for example:
  - Running events
  - Working with schools / the local community
  - Helping out with the local Aberystwyth Robotics Club?

Item 8 - Other local groups:
---------------------------------

There are other local groups, AberSailbot, the local Radio Society and AberLab - The Aberystwyth Hackerspace, which might be interested in doing joint events with us. We should reach out to these groups.

Item 9 - Re-Freshers Fair:
--------------------------

Should we have a stand at the Re-Freshers fair? Members agree that we should. A stand should be organised.

Item 10 - Union Recognition:
----------------------------

- What is our current status regarding being a recognised Union Society?
- Are we "Comp Sci Soc" or "Comp Sci Society"?
- How do members join the society?
- What do they need to pay for? and how much?
- What, in the Unions eyes, do we need to have done to count this as an official meeting?

Item 11 - Communication:
------------------------

We have a mailing list, which needs to be sorted out and renamed, or a new one needs creating with a simpler name. For now have it so only scty14 can send to it (however this should probably change at some point).

We also have a Facebook group, which everyone needs to join

All group communications to be broadcast on both Facebook and the mailing list

All members should be part of the mailing list and the Facebook group if possible

A committee mailing list needs sorting out

Internal committee conversations can happen via email/the comittee mailing list

A Github account needs creating for use by the society

Minutes of all meetings, both group and committee to be open to the group via Github

Notifications should be available via Github when new minutes have been posted

A decision regarding an IRC channel is to be determined at the next meeting 

Item 12 - Logo:
---------------

To be discussed in the next meeting

Possible liaison with Louis Taylor(lot15) as he is good at things like that

Item 13 - Next Meeting:
-----------------------

The next meeting should be held in a months time, 6:15pm on a Friday so it can finish and link up with the standard Comp-Sci social. 6:15pm was chosen to allow time to reach the meeting place after the end of a 5-6pm lecture. That makes it Friday November 27th at 6:15pm in Brynamlwg.

AOB:
----

None raised

Actions:
--------

- Committee - Speak to Dave Price(dap) to discuss a possible link to the radio club
- Committee - Speak to Daniel Clark(dac46), Louis Taylor(lot15) and Colin Sauze(cos) to discuss a possible link to AberSailbot - Organise a meeting
- Committee - Speak to Daniel Clark(dac46) and Colin Sauze(cos) to discuss a possible link to AberLab, the Aberystywth Hackerspace
- Committee - Speak to Richard Shipman(rcs) to discuss the potential trip to FOSDEM
- Committee - Speak to Sam Nichols(msn) to discuss the UKIEPC and any other future programming challenges he is planning to be involved in
- Committee - Speak to the National Library of Wales to discuss potential Hackathons
- Committee - Organise a stand for the Re-Freshers fair
- Committee - Organise a committee meeting for Friday November 6th at 6:15pm

- nid16 - Book meeting room in Brynamlwg for Friday November 6th at 6pm (Committee Meeting)
- nid16 - Book meeting room in Brynamlwg for Friday November 27th at 6pm (Group Meeting)

- thm17 - Check with heh14 regarding the Student Union's Society web page:
  - Which society are we?("Comp Sci Soc" or "Comp Sci Society")
  - How do members join?
  - What do they need to pay for?
  - Etc

- thm17 and ndr2 - Organise control of the mailing list, who can send to it, who does it send to, etc
- thm17 and ndr2 - Can we rename the mailing list to something shorter? If not, just create a new one

- ndr2 - Add all attendees plus heh14 to the mailing list
- ndr2 - Create a new mailing list for committee members and all current committee members
- ndr2 - Publicise the 2nd meeting for Friday November 27th at 6:15pm in Brynamlwg
- ndr2 - Publicise the first committee meeting to be held Friday November 6th at 6:15pm in Brynamlwg

- dac46 - Create a Github organisation for the CompSciSoc
- dac46 - Formalise the Minutes from this meeting and the Agenda for the next
- dac46 - Create a "Meetings" Repository on Github and commit the Minutes for this meeting and the Agenda for the next

- Members - Join the CompSciSoc Facebook group at: "https://www.facebook.com/groups/1583682251884620/"
- Members - Join the Aber Comp Sci Facebook group at: "https://www.facebook.com/groups/abercs/"
- Members - Join the mailing list by emailing ndr2 with the subject "Please add me to the CompSciSoc mailing list!"
- Members - See heh14 for any questions about the society
