# Minutes
## Author:
- Sam Claxton (sac40)
## Aberystwyth Computer Science Society

## Committee Meeting 1

## 05/11/15


#### Present:

- Lizzie Stone (eas12) - President
- Cloud Coppola (clc20) - Vice-President
- Jack Webb (jaw84) - Treasurer
- Samuel Claxton - Acting Secretary/Social Secretary
- Paul Swain (pas28) - Social Secretary
- Aidan Hodgen (aih16) - Publicity Officer


### Apologies:

- None

#### Item 1 - Discussion of changing committee channel to private:
  
  - Committee ruled against, stating transparancy as important
  - Outlined that Email is to be used for sensitive information
    - In such instances, society email should be Carbon Copied in (SCTY14@aber.ac.uk)


#### Item 2 - Role of Publicity Officer:

  - Committee discussed the role of the publicity officer and decreed the following:
    - The publicity officer is in charge of the societies social media image spanning facebook and twitter
    - The publicity officer is in charge of promotional materials for fresher fairs and other such events

#### Item 3 - Discussion of communications of CSTF:

  - The Committee discussed how best to communicate with the Cyber Security Task Force, and decided on the following points
    - The society needs to outline a set of well defined tandards and morals for documents, files on git etc.
    - A comprehensive, specific and unambigious treaty should be drawn up with the Cyber Security Task Force detailing our 
    relationship and outling where we are heading

#### Item 4 - CSTF Legal issues:

  - The Committee discussed the potential legal issues concerned with the Cyber Security Task Force and ruled the following:
    - CSTF is to provide full details on projects such that potential legal issues can be identified
    - The possibility of legal forms, although the committee accepts it may need guidance on this



#### Item 5 - Sponsorships:

  - Carried Forward (Jack Webb (jaw84))

#### Item 6 - Twitter:

  - For now the banner from facebook has been transfered accross to twitter
    - Temporary solution until new promotional matirials are produced

#### Item 7 - Changes to the AberCompSoc Image:

  - The Committee discussed changes to the image of the branding and concluded the following
    - Keep the logo black and white
    - Changes to banner (e.g. change layout and colours)
  - Carried Forward

#### tem 8 - Society Font Change:

  - The Committee discussed changes to the font of the branding and concluded the following
    - Some change is needed as it is not openable on all systems
    - Should be carried forward as all society members should be given a choice with regards to image and branding

#### tem 9 - Information about the Society:

  - The Committee discussed the topic and deemed the following:
    - Much of the problems had are due to poor union website
    - A comment has been added to dirrect users to the About tab
    - Information on the Cyber Security Task Force should only be advertised once treaty (See Item 3) is written up
      - Needs to be done before next academic year
    - Potentially promote SailBot 
      - Should be discussed with entirety of SailBot and Society
      
      
   
   
#### Item 10 - Advertisement for Recruitment:
   
  - The Committee Decided the following:
    - The president and/or the publicity officer should be present in lectures at the start of the academic year to promote the society
    - An AberCompSoc facebook page was suggested but was voted against due to concerns that made matters more complex and confusing
    - Things on facebook should be mirrored to some respect on twitter
   
#### Item 11 - Committee Rules:

  - It was ruled that documnetion should be written up and has as such been carried forward
  - The Society should look into the union procedure for members of societies who are unable to do their jobs or have been 
  neglecting their positions

#### Item 12/13 - Society Meet-Ups/Potential Projects:

  - The Committee ruled the following
    - Ask the society for ideas
    - Bring forward

#### Item 14 - Fate of the mailing list:

  - The Committee ruled that the old mailing list is to be killed off and the following shall happen:
    - An email would be sent out, this would outline that the mailing list is being closed and that they should request to be 
    moved onto the current mailing list
    - The mailing list will then be deleted
    
#### Item 15 - Review Member level access to the GitHub:  
    
  - The Committee has considered the use of git teams to assign access levels, this it will investigate
    - To be brought forward to next meeting


#### AOB:

- Committee discussed the merging of committee and general channels on slack, this was later rejected
- Committee debated if people should be encouraged away from the default images on slack, this was later passed after a vote
- Adding graduates to slack is an action to be brought forward

### Actions:

* Committee - Add brought forward tasks to the agenda for the next meeting (See items 5,7,8,11,12,13,15 and AOB)
