# Minutes

## Author
Tom Cartwright (toc4)

## AberCompSoc

## General Meeting 2

## 2017-02-10

## Links
- https://github.com/abercompsoc
- https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/abercompsoc
- https://www.facebook.com/groups/1583682251884620/

## Present:
- Lizzie Stone (eas12)
- Tom Cartwright (toc4)
- Sam Claxton (sac40)
- Paul Swain (pas28)
- Cloud Coppola (clc20)
- Jack Webb (jaw84)
- Aaron Walker (aaw13)
- Aidan Hodgen (aih16)
- Joanna Trashlieva (jmt12)
- Nelson Miguel Almeida (nea2)
- Max Kossatz (mak72)

## Apologies:

None

## Item 1 - Review minutes of last meeting

Minutes accepted as correct

## Item 2 - Report on actions carried out by each member

### Completed:

- None

### Carried Forward:

- None

## Item 3 - Graduates on AberCompSoc Slack
- Provisionally allow graduates on AberCompSoc Slack - ensuring conversations are on topic
- Concern over channel turning off topic, similar to the current #abercs IRC channel
- **Unanimous** vote to allow graduates on Slack channel

## Item 4 - Cybersecurity Taskforce
- Branding would be AberCompSoc Cybersecurity Taskforce
- Decided it a good idea to form a separate 'society', but to be part of AberCompSoc
- Propose that the taskforce also set up their own management (President etc.)
- Certified ethical hacking courses
- Capture the flag-like events
- Do not intend to have a say in the running of the society, but to run alongside
- Finances to be controlled by the CompSoc, and any financial matters to be passed by the society
- Suggestion to share treasurer position between both parties - to be considered
- A representative position on the society board preferred, someone within the workforce to take this position
- **Unanimous** vote for the Cybersecurity Taskforce to go ahead under AberCompSoc

## Item 5 - Committee Positions
### Open Position: Treasurer
- Jack Webb proposes himself to be Treasurer
- **Unanimous** vote to elect Jack as Treasurer

### Open Position: Secretary
- Tom Cartwright currently acting secretary
- Secretary to be elected in 4 weeks time (10/3/17)

## AOB:
### AOB 1 - T-shirts
- Agreement that branded t-shirts would be a good idea
- Lizzie to ask Louis Taylor to supply logo in vectorised format due to error in current file
- Jack Webb happy to look into the buying of t-shirts

### AOB 2 - Stickers
- Funding/Sponsorship needed to buy stickers
- Tech companies and tech review companies suggested by Sam - Intel, Scan etc.
- Jack to look into this

### AOB 3 - Wall space in CompSci Department for advertising
- Consider creating A0 posters to put up in department
- Convey information of different activities, including photos from FOSDEM
- Liaise with SSCC representative to bring this up

### AOB 4 - Flyers
- Flyer designs need to be changed
- Sam suggests the subject could also be putting some people off
- Aidan to provide some pictures to convey different things we do
- Must be bilingual - contact Tom Cartwright for translation

### AOB 5 - Article & Blog Post
- Article to be written about CompSoc trip to FOSDEM
- Aidan to create article
- Nick to write blog post

### AOB 6 - Group Photo
- Ask 'Old Nick' about photo
- Preferably in branded T-shirts if available in time
- Sandy Spence to be contacted

### AOB 7 - Website
- Old website to be taken down
- Current domain could redirect to the GitHub page
- Suggest people open pull requests for current website

### AOB 8 - Themed Social
- Sam and Paul suggest running themed socials
- Call for ideas for these socials, not necessarily "dress up" - do people want themed socials?
- Paul to ask whether there would be interest and for ideas

### AOB 9 - Inter-Society Competitions
- Possibility to hold competitions between societies and departments (IMPACS)
- Safety concerns for socials
- Sam and Paul to contact other societies
- To be discussed again in next meeting

### AOB 10 - Other Competitions
- Contact Bangor ComputerScience Society
- Consider a competition between universities
- Possibility to liaise with the Cybersecurity taskforce
- Sam and Paul to look into this

# Actions:
## List of all actions:

1. Get vectorised CompSoc logo - eas12
2. Look into buying t-shirts - jaw84
3. Look into sponsorship/funding - jaw84
4. Look into buying stickers - jaw84
5. Contact CompSci department for CompSoc wall space - UNASSIGNED
6. Re-design CompSoc Flyers - UNASSIGNED
7. Provide photos from FOSDEM - aih16
8. Write article and blog post re. FOSDEM trip - aih16 & ndr2
9. Contact Sandy Spence re. group photo - UNASSIGNED
10. Contact current owner of old CompSoc website - UNASSIGNED
11. Gather information about interest in themed socials - pas28
12. Contact other societies for the possibility of inter-society competitions - pas28 & sac40
13. Contact Bangor CompSci society for possibility of competitions - pas28 & sac40

## Actions split by member:

### All

- None

### Lizzie Stone - eas12

- Get vectorised CompSoc logo

### Jack Webb - jaw84

- Look into buying t-shirts
- Look into sponsorship/funding
- Look into buying stickers

### Aidan Hodgen - aih16

- Provide photos from FOSDEM
- Write article re. FOSDEM trip

### Paul Swain - pas28

- Gather information about interest in themed socials
- Contact other societies for the possibility of inter-society competitions
- Contact Bangor CompSci society for possibility of competitions

### Sam Claxton - sac40

- Contact other societies for the possibility of inter-society competitions
- Contact Bangor CompSci society for possibility of competitions

### UNASSIGNED

- Contact CompSci department for CompSoc wall space
- Re-design CompSoc Flyers
- Contact Sandy Spence re. group photo
- Contact current owner of old CompSoc website

## Actions to members not present:

### Nicholas Rostant - ndr2

- Write blog post re. FOSDEM trip
