AberCompSoc/BSC Student Chapter
===============================

General Meeting 3 - 2016-02-12

Present
-------

Apologies
---------

Agenda
------

- Review minutes of last meeting
- Report on actions carried out by each member:
  - Committee - Speak to Daniel Clark(dac46) and Colin Sauze(cos) to discuss a possible link to AberLab, the Aberystywth Hackerspace
  - Committee - Speak to Richard Shipman(rcs) to discuss the potential trip to FOSDEM
  - Committee - Speak to Sam Nichols(msn) to discuss the UKIEPC and any other future programming challenges he is planning to be involved in
  - Committee - Speak to the National Library of Wales to discuss potential Hackathons
  - nid16, Committee - Organise a stand for the Re-Freshers fair
  - Committee - Speak to Dave Price(dap) to discuss a possible link to the radio club
  - dac46 - Take one of the committee members to the union to discuss access to society page.
  - dac46 - Post official documents (such as the Constitution) on the GitHub.
  - dac46, thm17 - Organise by-election as soon as possible.
  - dac46, thm17 - Contact Union about Aber Sailbot use of minibusses.
  - lot15 - Get the link to the Google group pinned on the Facebook.
  - lot15 - Basic GitHub Pages website for society.
  - lot15 - Logo .
  - lot15, dac46 - Open Facebook group and create Facebook events for events.
  - thm17 - Find a method of traslating emails to Welsh, possibly pas28.
  - thm17 - Organise next meeting.
  - thm17, heh14 - Contact Union about Robotics Society bank account.
  - heh14 - Facebook needs more admins (dac47, lot15 for events).
  - eas12 - Post to mailing list about space fair in Leichester.
  - lot15 and dac46 - Investigate cloud server, talk with Dave Price.
  - dac46 - Try and get access to the money stored in the Robotics Society bank account

- Events
  - Completed
    - FOSDEM
    - Teach-First pub quiz (postponed)
  - To do
    - Visit to Bletchley Park (suggest to be around Easter)
    - Talk from Bletchley Park
    - Talk from Teach First (Helen as current contact)
    - Rob Clarke from HP (Louis as current contact)(Late this year)
    - Internal AberHackathon
    - Raspberry Jams
    - Programming Challenges like the recent UKIEPC
  - New
    - Intro to open source project contribution - lot15
  - Assign future events to a member who should organise it and be the point of contact
- Discuss name capitalisation
- Does the Facebook Group name needs changing
- Abersailbot minibus usage
- Feedback from refreshers faire
  - Have the new members been added to the mailing list? / other groups?
- Elections
  - What's happening?
  - When is it?
  - What are the roles?
  - When is the deadline for nominations?
  - Are self nominations allowed?
  - How many nominations does a candidate need before being able to stand?
- Meeting templates
  - Can we store a standard empty agenda and minutes template in the repos which can be easily copied and filled in for future meetings
- AOB
