# Minutes
## Author:
James Bridgewater (jab42)

## AberCompSoc

## General Meeting 3

## 2016-02-12

## Links
- https://github.com/abercompsoc
- https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/abercompsoc
- https://www.facebook.com/groups/1583682251884620/

## Present:
- James Baker (jab67)
- James Bridgewater (jab42)
- Daniel Clark (dac46)
- Tom Morrison (thm17)
- Josh Smith (jos67)
- Louis Taylor (lot15)

## Apologies:
- Douglas Gardner (dog2)
- Nicholas Dimonaco (nid16)
- Sam Nicholls (msn)

## Item 1 - Review minutes of last meeting

- Nothing great to discuss

## Item 2 - Report on actions carried out by each member

- Hackerthon / AberLab ongoing, meeting coming up at Old College
- FOSDEM done
- Trip was a success
- No points of improvement raised
- National library contact carried forward as no action was taken
- Speak to dap (abandoned)
- Access to the society page working now
- Official documents on Github now
- Bi election has been organised, see later point
- Logo on the git society page agreed upon
- Alternate logos open to suggestion
- Welsh translation of emails requires further discussion/action required 	
- Meeting organised succesfully
- Space careers fair sorted
- Dap cloud servers money and documentation specifying use required
- Robotics bank account accessed
- Teach first pub quiz may happen later, however due to rain was unsuccessful and abandoned
- Bletchley trip discussion to be continued
- HP talk actioned to Louis
- Teach first sponsor abandoned
- Sponsor talks delayed until society more developed
- Aber hackerthon, seperate to Hackerspace further developement ongoing
- Sam potentially to work on UKIEPC style event
- Open source drop in event popular, further developement actioned
- Discussion of different name for this society

### Completed:
- Refreshers organisation done
	- Action required regardin addition of new members to appropriate lists
- Facebook pinned post problem solved, and Louis added as admin on page

### Carried Forward:
- Name discussion (capitalisation or no, and BCS inclusion issues)
- National library talks
- Sailbot use of minibus
- Speak to Dan Clark
- Welsh translation of emails/advertising IS mailing list

## Item - Discussion of election
- Need to allow RAN
- Need atleast 2 weeks after announcements of candidate before vote
- Look up the procedure from the SU
	- 2 weeks before:
		- When the vote is happening
		- Who's standing
- Email to be sent from Union site to members of soc
	- Advertise this thoroughly
	- Members need to respond to email to register
	- Link to page
- In case of vote of no confidence, second vote required
- Discussion as to status of who's standing 
- At least 2 weeks needed after people nominate themselves (stand)

## Item - Discuss changes to the facebook page
- Who can post?
	- Page public, so anyone can post
- More admins?
	- Louis added as an admin in addition to Tom and Helen
- Protect against potential spambots
	- Aber email validation idea toyed with 
- Invite people to the events that aren't in the group
	- Is possible
	- Advertisement of events will be required elsewhere
		- e.g. Posters and other pages

## Item - BCS position clarified as sponsorish

## AOB:

# Actions:
## List of all actions:

1. Tom: Update roles spec, add open actions into issues for Secretary - #14
2. James Bridgewater: All open actions to be raised as issues on Github
3. Louis: Create template for agenda and minutes - #6
4. Nick: Add new members to broadcast mailing list - #21
5. Louis: Send new members list to Nick - #7
6. Louis: Add refreshers people to Google mailing list- #8
7. Tom : Speak to Michael about logo design - #15
8. Tom : Get BCS position on advertising - #16
9. Louis: Send email on list for people to put themselves forwards for positions - #9
10. Tom: Get a list of email addresses for the soc members. Closer to the lection itself - #17
11. James Baker: ASAP get election procedure details from SU - #23
12. Nick: Announce date for election on public email, needs atleast 2 week notice - #22
13. Tom: Discuss whether BCS is sub set of Comp soc - #18
14. All: Work out rough time frame for events
15. Louis: Rope together some open source people for an event, within a couple of months - #10
16. Dan : To organise Hackerthon - #3
17. Louis: Persue HP talk (Rob Clark), post request for interest on mailing list/facebook - #11
18. Tom: Post on mailing list the vote for interest on Bletchley trip, organise trip if sufficient interest
(Dan provisional driver) - 19
19. James Bridgewater : Look up Rasberry Jam times, post on mailing list - #2
20. Dan and Louis: Finish document for dap specifying specifics of servers, needs to be finished and given to dap, Tom will need document if BCS money required - #5
21. Louis: Talk to HP regarding servers - #12
22. all: Number the actions in minutes 
23. Tom: Get official stance on welsh translation of emails, IS mailing list, we may need to use student union - #20
24. Louis: Stick stance in correct position in documentation of soc - #13
25. Dan: Speak to Tom Cartwright to see if he can be a translator - #4

## Actions split by member:

### All:
14. Work out rough time frame for events
22. Number the actions in minutes

### James Baker: 
11. ASAP get election procedure details from SU

### James Bridgewater:
2. All open actions to be raised as issues on Github
19. Look up Rasberry Jam times, post on mailing list..

### Dan:
16. Organise Hackerthon
25. Speak to Tom Cartwright to see if he can be a translator

### Dan and Louis:
20. Finish document for dap specifying specifics of servers, needs to be finished and given to dap
, Tom will need document if BCS money required

### Louis:

3. Create template for agenda and minutes
5. Send new members list to Nick
6. Add refreshers people to Google mailing list
9. Send email on list for people to put themselves forwards for positions
15. Rope together some open source people for an event, within a couple of months
17. Persue HP talk (Rob Clark), post request for interest on mailing list/facebook
21. Talk to HP regarding servers
24. Stick stance in correct position in documentation of soc
JOINT ACTION with Daniel, listed below appropriate heading

### Tom:

1. Update roles spec, add open actions into issues for Secretary 
7. Speak to Michael about logo design
8. Get BCS position on advertising
10. Gget a list of email addresses for the soc members. Closer to the lection itself
13. Discuss whether BCS is sub set of Comp soc
18. Post on mailing list the vote for interest on Bletchley trip, organise trip if sufficient interest 
(Dan provisional driver)
23. Get official stance on welsh translation of emails, IS mailing list, we may need to use 
student union translation

## Actions to members not present

### Nick:
4. Add new members to broadcast mailing list
12. Announce date for election on public email, needs atleast 2 week notice
