#Minutes

##Aberystwyth Computer Science Society

##General Meeting 2

##2015-11-27

###Links
- https://github.com/abercompsoc
- https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/abercompsoc
- https://www.facebook.com/groups/1583682251884620/


####Present:
-----------

- James Baker(jab67)
- Nicholas Rostant(ndr2)
- Daniel Clark(dac46)
- William Hogg(wih6)
- Tom Morrison(thm17) - Treasurer
- James Bridgewater(jab42)
- Joshua Mir(jom47)
- Douglas Gardner(dog2)
- Nicholas Dimonaco(nid16) - Secretary
- Louis Taylor (lot15)
- Josh Smith (jos67)
- ELizabeth Stone (eas12)
- Ben Bancroft (bnb2)

####Apologies:
-------------


####Item 1 - Review minutes of last meeting:
--------------------------------------------
Minutes accepted as correct.

####Item 2 - Report on actions carried out by each member, which were specified in previous meetings (Group Meeting 1 - 2015-10-27 and Committee Meeting 1 - 2015-11-06) :
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#####Completed:
--------------

- Committee - Speak to Daniel Clark(dac46), Louis Taylor(lot15) and Colin Sauze(cos) to discuss a possible link to AberSailbot - Organise a meeting
- Committee - Organise a committee meeting for Friday November 6th at 6:15pm
- nid16 - Book meeting room in Brynamlwg for Friday November 6th at 6pm (Committee Meeting)
- nid16 - Book meeting room in Brynamlwg for Friday November 27th at 6pm (Group Meeting)
- thm17 - Check with heh14 regarding the Student Union's Society web page:
  - Which society are we?("Comp Sci Soc" or "Comp Sci Society")
  - How do members join?
  - What do they need to pay for?
  - Etc
- thm17 and ndr2 - Organise control of the mailing list, who can send to it, who does it send to, etc
- thm17 and ndr2 - Can we rename the mailing list to something shorter? If not, just create a new one
- ndr2 - Add all attendees plus heh14 to the mailing list
- ndr2 - Create a new mailing list for committee members and all current committee members
- ndr2 - Publicise the 2nd meeting for Friday November 27th at 6:15pm in Brynamlwg
- ndr2 - Publicise the first committee meeting to be held Friday November 6th at 6:15pm in Brynamlwg
- dac46 - Create a Github organisation for the CompSciSoc
- dac46 - Formalise the Minutes from this meeting and the Agenda for the next
- dac46 - Create a "Meetings" Repository on Github and commit the Minutes for this meeting and the Agenda for the next
- Members - Join the CompSciSoc Facebook group at: "https://www.facebook.com/groups/1583682251884620/"
- Members - Join the Aber Comp Sci Facebook group at: "https://www.facebook.com/groups/abercs/"
- Members - Join the mailing list by emailing ndr2 with the subject "Please add me to the CompSciSoc mailing list!"
- Members - See heh14 for any questions about the society

#####Carried Forward:
---------------------

- Committee - Speak to Daniel Clark(dac46) and Colin Sauze(cos) to discuss a possible link to AberLab, the Aberystywth Hackerspace
- Committee - Speak to Richard Shipman(rcs) to discuss the potential trip to FOSDEM
- Committee - Speak to Sam Nichols(msn) to discuss the UKIEPC and any other future programming challenges he is planning to be involved in
- Committee - Speak to the National Library of Wales to discuss potential Hackathons
- nid16, Committee - Organise a stand for the Re-Freshers fair
- Committee - Speak to Dave Price(dap) to discuss a possible link to the radio club

####Item 4 - Find out who wants to go to the Teach First pub quiz on Monday 30th at 6pm in the SU main room. Free pizza and prizes! - Costs 50p per person:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Daniel Clark (dac46)
Nicholas Rostant (ndr2)
James Baker (jab67)


####Item 5 -Discuss state of official documents:
-----------------------------------------------

Contitution and other official documents need to be made available for all members to have access to, decided that the GitHub repositiory is the most appropriate place.

####Item 6 - Discuss state of communication:
-------------------------------------------
- mailing lists: do we need an -announce mailing list and a committee mailing list. Reminder that the main mailing list is open to be posted to by anyone, maybe publish a how-to?
- irc: it exists and we should use it
- usage of facebook: events for things we organize

- Louis explained what mailing list was and it was decided it needed to be publicised more.
- Facebok not active enough, possibility of other admins to be raised with Helen.
- Decided that the broadcast mailing list should be reserved for important announcements such as meetings, the google group will be used for general discussion.
- All Facebook posts should be sent out through one of the mailing lists.
- All events should have an associated Facebook event and all members should be invited to these events.
- Union may require Welsh to be available for announcments so a form of translation must be found.
- IRC channel avaiable at #abercompsoc on freenode.

####Item 7 - Summary of events held by those involved:
------------------------------------------------------
All events went well, everyone happy.


####Item 8 - Discuss state of "Committee" members:
--------------------------------------------------
- Detemined that only the three Union positions (President, Treasurer, and Secretary) plus a Vice Secretary needed.
- By-elections necessary to fill positions.
- By-elections to be held in early February.

####Item 9 - Discuss taking over the old robotics society bank account:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
- Old robotics society dissolved, bank account still present.
- As founding member Helen may have rights to take it over.
- Union to be approached over this prospect.

####Item 10 - Talk about progress on society cloud server:
---------------------------------------------------------
- Louis talked to dap, need spec in terms of network access, power, physical access etc.
- Hardware aquired, potential for more.
- Anyone interested should get involved with the GitHub.
- https://github.com/abercompsoc/cloud-spec

####Item 11 - Aber Sailbot minibus usage:
-----------------------------------------
- Aber Sailbot request to have access to Union minibusses through the society.
- Union to be contacted on the requirements of this (do all people in the bus need to be in the society?)

####AOB:
-------
- Meetings to be held on first Friday of each month, starting Feburary 5th.
- Refreshers fair to be discussed over Google group.
- Society name to be abercompsoc (Capitalisation still a point of contention)

###Actions:
-----------
- dac46 - Take one of the committee members to the union to discuss access to society page.
- dac46 - Post official documents (such as the Constitution) on the GitHub.
- dac46, thm17 - Organise by-election as soon as possible.
- dac46, thm17 - Contact Union about Aber Sailbot use of minibusses.
- lot15 - Get the link to the Google group pinned on the Facebook.
- lot15 - Basic GitHub Pages website for society.
- lot15 - Logo .
- lot15, dac46 - Open Facebook group and create Facebook events for events.
- thm17 - Find a method of traslating emails to Welsh, possibly pas28.
- thm17 - Organise next meeting.
- thm17, heh14 - Contact Union about Robotics Society bank account.
- heh14 - Facebook needs more admins (dac47, lot15 for events).
- eas12 - Post to mailing list about space fair in Leichester.

